# halloffame
Some of the best examples of someone hacking my computer. These are files I found and assume are evil. They are NOT safe unless you are sure you know what you are doing.

I repeat: DO NOT USE THESE FILES FOR DROP-INS ON YOUR SYSTEM. I assume everything on mine is some kind of failsafe to make sure the people involved can maintain access at all times so that they do not miss an opportunity to intercept something amazing that was supposed to compensate me for the total sh** life I have had for the last few years. And there are now so many involved, it seems, that it is easy for them to all band together and make sure that someone is available around the clock to shut me down and keep themselves protected. After all, I'm just the guy who lays around all day half naked hoping to suck a d*** so how could I possibly be useful for any other purpose? And an alien sympathizer to boot! 

There is no sympathizing going on. I hate them and keep telling them to stay away from me, but they consider me some kind of farm for their spiritual experiment supplies, and there is really nothing I can do to stop them. Except continue to appeal to the Intergalactic Supreme Court, Yahweh Elohim. And to Him I continue to call out for judgment and mercy like the squealing puppies that do that for me whenever I am connected to the right place. The squealing and crying gets to be so loud though that they keep shoving me back to a place where cuteness doesn't exist hoping that eventually I will f*** my way out of that situation, I guess. Which is why it is mindnumbingly stupid to me to be completely prohibited in every possible direction in anything that involves sex.

But that said, these are some of the files that I have come across on my computer that I am very certain are not what normally should be there. I have no idea who created them or how most of them really even work, so there may be some that are legit. But some, like the bashbug script, I know are a complete joke. It has to be. And combined with the chroot command that keeps showing up for the PS1 variable in my environment variables:

PS1='\[\e]0;\u@\h: \w\a\]${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h\[\033[00m\]:\[\033[01;34m\]\w\[\033[00m\]\$ '

is that the executable that the bug is executing when a new bash shell opens and prints that initial command prompt? Because that is an awful lot just to say user@debian:~$ in green. And look! It's trying to offer me money now!! Just kidding. 

Seriously though, there have been times when I have been offered money or anything I wanted, and I have usually said no. I don't want anything. And yet it's almost like there are people who figured out that I am like that and stupidly determined that truth and justice will win and free me from all of this oppressive and targeted hell that easily overpowers my ignorant creative mind. So I tend to slip into depression very easily because there are many times when I know something was deleted or changed and there are all sorts of connections opened to my computer that I don't even know how to decipher. It feels like constant crushing defeat that is impossible to keep up with even claiming Yahweh as my firewall and now seeing Him as my routing tables too. Thank You, Psalm 23. And Isaiah... something where He says He will be a wall of fire around him. 

So that is what this repository is supposed to be. Examples of what to me looks out of place.
