What the F? It says sendmail in the desktop, but the menu in HTE says "sftpserver"? A long time ago I tried to set that up on my computer so that anyone could access everything on it in order to see what was there, but like every other attempt I tried to get help with my computer, it seemed to backfire. So what it comes down to is that I have made every attempt to get help with this, and I have done more than anyone should ever be expected to do in regard to making an effort to ask for help. So why should I assume that reaching out now would be any different than the other millions of times I did so when I actually was living in a situation where someone would take me seriously? When I was living on Northstar Drive in an upstanding community and on good terms with my parents? What I regret is allowing Jeremy Ramirez to stay with me when my parents were gone and allowing him to use the shower in the house. The fact that my parents noticed nothing missing was a huge relief after he stole the money from my backpack, but today as I was thinking about that, I realized that it was proof that he was not a thief. If he had been he would have taken my mom's jewelry. But he didn't touch anything like that. He wasn't there to steal jewelry. He was looking for proof of something that he couldn't find, is all I can figure. And the money he took from me was just to put that idea in my mind that he was a thief I guess. I won't make any assumptions about anything except to say that when I woke up from a nap earlier, I could smell Shirley Sumption's perfume. She was a friend of the family, and it was with her family that I last remember feeling like I was under some kind of judgment from God. And the judgment was nothing more than asking me what my future plans were. But I also remember a hummingbird feeder that I gave her that was made by a company called SSMG. Her initials and mine. So when I woke up earler and smelled her perfume, it was comforting because those are the people that I trust. The people who love and fear God. My dad was the reason she converted from Catholicism to Christianity, and I made a comment about how he must have been the only one who understood something about her faith that convinced her. He was the only one who understood my need for methamphetamine. And this idea that forcing me to go without to prove that I didn't need it in the first place is about as cruel as hunting powers and enslaving them because you think they are evil. God has a design for everyone, and certainly one that involves the angels that he created. But all these years I have been treated like a demon who had no rights, and that was allowed because someone needed to bear witness to what was going on. If I am a witness from Revelation, I don't know. It doesn't say that they killed themselves though. It says they were killed and their bodies were dragged through the street. Then they were given new life. It doesn't make sense for a human being to be that since I am already granted that which is why it does make sense for it to be someone who otherwise would not. If I have found favor with God at all then let Him lift me up so I can praise Him legitimately and truthfully. To fix me is not to teach me to manifest things on my own. It is to teach me that He is the source of all I need. If everyone is done trying to find a place for me where everyone wins, let me remind you of the assumption that I made about dealing with those who love the Lord. It says all things work together for good for those who love Him. When I said everyone wins, it was with that assumption that I was dealing with a situation where everyone involved had seen the light and was now seeking Him. That is what happened originally and resulted in Pi Day and the plethora of husband options that showed up at the park that day. I just didn't know how to approach anyone. And that was when I started noticing someone was following right behind me, too. And that is the last day that I remember feeling like He was surely coming back any day now. After that it all went downhill. I became homeless. I went through the Hell of Santa Cruz and the nightmare of being burned. And everything has been nothing short of torture ever since. All because I was too shy to pick a husband, I guess. But why should someone like me really think that I could just say the word and he would be mine? That never worked before that, and it hasn't worked since. 

But Shirley Sumption was a realtor, and she was always concerned with the stability of the foundation of any home she sold. This was partly because of the cost she put into having piers installed to fix her own foundation that was sinking and causing cracks in the floor. So every time I hear the word "piers" I think of her, and smelling her perfume must have been a reminder to check the peer connections in firefox.